README.md, before:

# Andrew's Super Awesome Fantastic Portfolio Website AKA Andrew94

My old portfolio was something that I followed along in a youtube tutorial but after watching a tiktok about someone designing a portfolio
website in the theme of windows 95/98, I knew I wanted to do something similar. This portfolio was made entirely on my own with no video 
walkthrough. I was inspired by the Windows 95/98 Style Website by [Grovy](https://grovy.space/project/windows-95-98-style-website/)

The icons I used to open up separate windows were from [Alex Meub](https://win98icons.alexmeub.com/)

This portfolio website was coded entirely in JavaScript using React for dynamic web components, Redux for state management, and TailwindCSS for CSS styling.
Specific node package modules I'd like to highlight are [re-resizable](https://www.npmjs.com/package/re-resizable/v/6.9.9) and (react-draggable)(https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-draggable/v/4.4.4)
A module I came across later in my development for this portfolio was [Classnames](https://www.npmjs.com/package/classnames), which allows for easier conditional CSS styling when using Tailwind.

Commit message:

created a fetch form icon and window for the Fetch take home exercise.

README.md, after:

# Andrew's Super Awesome Fantastic Portfolio Website AKA Andrew94

My old portfolio was something that I followed along in a youtube tutorial but after watching a tiktok about someone designing a portfolio
website in the theme of windows 95/98, I knew I wanted to do something similar. This portfolio was made entirely on my own with no video 
walkthrough. I was inspired by the Windows 95/98 Style Website by [Grovy](https://grovy.space/project/windows-95-98-style-website/)


This portfolio website was coded entirely in JavaScript using React for dynamic web components, Redux for state management, and TailwindCSS for CSS styling.
Specific node package modules I'd like to highlight are [re-resizable](https://www.npmjs.com/package/re-resizable/v/6.9.9) and (react-draggable)(https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-draggable/v/4.4.4)
A module I came across later in my development for this portfolio was [Classnames](https://www.npmjs.com/package/classnames), which allows for easier conditional CSS styling when using Tailwind.

The icons I used to open up separate windows are from [Alex Meub](https://win98icons.alexmeub.com/)

The icons used in the "Skills" window are from [here](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/icons?name=si)
